docs: Clarify output globs relativeness. (#9449)
vercel/turborepo: docs/repo-docs/crafting-your-repository/configuring-tasks.mdx

</Tab>
</Tabs>

> Globs are relative to the package, so `dist/**` will handle the `dist` that is outputted for each package, respectively. For more on building globbing patterns for the `outputs` key, see [the globbing specification](/repo/docs/reference/globs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Globs are relative to the package, so `dist/**` will handle the `dist` that is output by each package, respectively. For more on building globbing patterns for the `outputs` key, see [the globbing specification](/repo/docs/reference/globs).
```
